chore(button): add `flex-shrink` to SVG and images (#2612)
digdir/designsystemet: .changeset/mighty-buttons-yell.md

---
"@digdir/designsystemet-css": patch
---

> Button: Add `min-width: 1em` to SVG and images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Button: Fix SVG and images shrinking in flex containers
```
